uh Christopher we're getting reports
that uh the UN actually did give
coordinates to the Israeli uh defense uh
Force to inform them that this was a
shelter that is absolutely correct the
Israelis were formally passed the
precise coordinates of this school just
as they have the precise GPS coordinates
of all of our installations in Gaza we
had spent the day trying to arrange with
the Israeli Army a humanitarian pause if
you like a window of opportunity so that
civilians women children men who are not
part of this conflict could be evacuated
sadly that was never approved it was
never granted and the consequences
appear to have been absolutely tragic I
can confirm multiple deaths multiple
injuries sadly I don't have any more
detail than that but they will emerge in
the next minutes and hours where does
this leave the United Nations now uh
when they have given coordinates and
those coordinates um are are ignored
effectively well I mean you know people
have come to unra just as they did
during the 2008 2009 fighting expecting
safe sanctuary and what they've been
shown is that nowhere is safe in Gaza in
any case Gaza was unique in the annals
of contemporary Warfare in being a
conflict with a fence around it so there
was nowhere to run and now it seems
there is absolutely nowhere safe to run
it is appalling that women children
babies the elderly the sick should be
subjected to this kind of treatment